I'm in my kitchen with some baby bok
choy some food on noodle pasta some
coconut aminos which is like a soy sauce
substitute some soy sauce unpasteurized
organic soil and some fish sauce I'm
going to make some udon noodle soup okay
so I have my stock pot here and what I'm
going to do is pour this entire bottle
of coconut amino acid which is like if
you don't have soy sauce I'd like to use
this or you can use this soy sauce it's
a lot better a type of soy sauce so I'm
going to make my stock and pour this in
the pot you can add like a little bit of
vegetable broth if you want and I'm
going to fill it up with water as well
so I'm I poured the amino acid coconut
soy sauce in there and i kind of have
the heat up on medium high and I'm going
to pour so it was like a bottle and a
half of the coconut amino acid so this
by does 16 ounces so I'm going to fill
this up with water and add water to this
as well so I just feel this bottle up
with water and I'm going to put like me
a couple of tablespoons of fish sauce
and the mix not too much
and I'm going to let this I'm going to
bring this to a boil maybe I probably
add about maybe a couple of cups in the
water so I'm going to bring this to a
boil and then I'm going to reduce the
heat okay so I pretty much feel the
potable water I have the heat on medium
high I'm gonna put a lid on it so I'm
going to let this boil for about you
know until it comes to a full boil so
that should take about maybe 10 minutes
or so and then I'm going to reduce the
heat okay it is come to a full boil so
I'm going to turn this down really low
and i'm going to let this sauce simmer
oh my goodness for about 30 minutes and
then I'm going to add my noodles and my
bok choy ok so my sauce has been boiling
for about or simmering for about an hour
so here are my noodles and we're
changing camera hands here so I'm going
to just dump these in here there's quite
a few of us so I'm going to get
to kind of just some fish goes in here
and the family loves the udon noodles so
i use i'm using two 8-ounce package and
I'm not sure I think this might be like
a 5 quart stock pot so I mean of course
you don't have to put as much as I'm
doing so the noodles need to cook for
about 8 to 10 minutes so what I'm going
to do is turn the heat back up to like
about medium-high so that I can get
another boil point and I'm going to
cover this and then I'm going to add my
bok choy writing for ready right before
I serve it ok so my noodles are done you
don't you know you're not trying to like
cook them cook them so here's my bok
choy then I'm is nothing special dumping
it all in there some baby bok choy way
so you don't have to like cook the bok
choy just kind of letting the seasoning
of the the broth get in there and
sprinkle a little bit of some real salt
over the top pink salt which is great
all your salt should have color in it so
smells great quick and easy meal and
I'll let this simmer for about five
minutes and it will be ready to serve